Python Payment Integrations
===========================

The sample code in this project was tested in a python 2.7 virtualenv.

PayU integration
----------------

A quick Google for 'python soap wsdl' leads to a plethora of hits.  This
lead me to decide trying the top 5.  Timeboxing each architectural spike
seemed like the best way to go.  I set out the following criteria:

    - how good is the documentation
    - what is the unittest coverage like 
    - how easy is it to install the required libraries in a virtualenv
        * pypi
        * egg
        * tar/repo checkout + self compiled
    - how easy is it to configure a SOAP RPC call to a remote server
    - error handling

Candidates
----------

ZSI (Zolera Soap Infrastructure):

A version of the actively maintained Python Web Services project; ZSI-2.0 Released on 2007-02-02 provides both client and server SOAP libraries. Newly added was proper WSDL consumption of complex types into python classes.

soaplib:

Soaplib is an easy to use python library for writing and calling soap web services. Webservices written with soaplib are simple, lightweight, work well with other SOAP implementations, and can be deployed as WSGI applications.

suds:
    
Suds is a lightweight SOAP python client that provides a service proxy for Web Services.

pysimplesoap - PySimpeSoap is a simple and functional client/server. It goals are: ease of use and flexibility (no classes, autogenerated code or xml is required), WSDL introspection and generation, WS-I standard compliance, compatibility (including Java AXIS, .NET and Jboss WS). It is included into Web2Py to enable full-stack solutions (complementing other supported protocols as XML_RPC, JSON, AMF-RPC, etc.).

osa - osa is a fast/slim easy to use SOAP python client library.

Ladon Ladon is a multiprotocol approach to creating a webservice. Create one service and expose it to several service protocols including SOAP. Unlike most other Python based SOAP Service implementations Ladon dynamically generates WSDL files for your webservices. This is possible because the parameter types for each webservice method are defined via the ladonize decorator. Furthermore it should be mentioned that Ladon offers python 3 support.

SUDS
----

https://fedorahosted.org/suds/


This library is referenced a lot and most people seem happy with it.  Thus
I decide to try it first.

Documentation
-------------

Installation
------------

Installed from pypi with:

    ./bin/pip install suds

Test coverage
-------------

Making the first call
---------------------

Error handling
--------------

Installing the pyramid application
----------------------------------

Checkout the basic files
------------------------

    $ git clone http://github.com/rijkstofberg/pythonpay.git <project>
    $ cd <project>

Initialize buildout and start pserver
-------------------------------------

    $ virtualenv -p python2.7 --no-site-packages .
    $ ./bin/pip install setuptools --upgrade
    $ bin/python bootstrap.py -c development.cfg
    $ bin/buildout -Nvc development.cfg
    $ bin/initialize_rijkstofberg.payu_db ./etc/development.ini
    $ bin/add_demo_data ./etc/development.ini
    $ bin/pserve etc/development.ini
